{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23040\viewh17400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 In the "Activities" tab, "Trip Activities" clean up the buttons.  There are 4 buttons.  The "Get Activity Recommendations" and "Get Recommendations" are redundant on their face.  Do they trigger different functionality?  Both navigate to the same place, "Traveler Recommendations".  Keep the "Get Activity Recommendations".  There is an "Add Activity" button and a "Add Activity Manually" button.  They both navigate to the same place.  Eliminate the "Add Activity Manually" button.  If user clicks "Add Activity", navigate to the "New Activity Details" page.  Change the title from "New Activity Details" to "Activity Details".  Use this page for both saving the activity originally and updating an activity.  Then, if user chooses "Get Activity Recommendations", navigate to the "Search for Traveler Recommendations" (as it currently does so no change), if the user selects one of the recommended activities by clicking "Add to Activities",  copy all information to the (newly named) "Activity Details" and navigate  to "Activity Details" but DO NOT actually save the activity.  Allow the user to add any additional information they have to the activity details and then "Save" the activity.  When navigating back to the "Activity Details" page, popup a message that the activity is NOT saved until they click the "Save Activity" button.  Change the text of the existing "Create Activity" button to "Save Activity" and add another button at the top with the same text that also "saves" the activity.  And, of course, the "save" is for the initial creation of the activity in the trip (and the database).  Just as with "Lodging", change the button text to "Update Activity" if an existing activity has been edited.  On the "Activity Details" add and edit, make the "Date",  a required field as well as "Start Time".  Add a text field "Meeting Place".  Finally, on the initial display when the "Activities" tab is clicked, list all activities filtered by destination using a dropdown.  Only list the activities for the destination selected in the dropdown.  List those activities by date.  Provide edit and delete icon like "Lodging".  Popup the text "Edit" or "Delete" when hovering over the icons.  Do the same for "Lodging".}